don't be afraid of the collapse you're
surrounded by it now and you don't even
realize it One By One The Dominoes fall
power is held in fewer and fewer hands
every crisis is an opportunity for the
technocrats to force their way and get
closer and closer to their goal of
global governance you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we're going to look at this issue
which is very important Two Italian
banks are collapsing I didn't get to get
to do a video about this yesterday
unfortunately but here we are this is
out of the Washington Post the ECB
pulled the plug on two troubled Italian
Banks sending them into insolvency
proceedings and pushing ahead with
efforts to clean up the weak Banks
holding back the economy they're
suggesting that it is the bank's fault
for holding back the economy the whole
system is set up to be a failure when
you have banks that have
3% of reserves you know they're all
insolvent that's the joke about this
it's seriously a very funny
joke this has been a problem very clear
problem since you know we'll say about
2011 2012 sovereign debt crisis became
very apparent prior to that we had the
issues in the US and other places
Insurance banking mortgage lenders
everything was just showing how real
risky had has become fragile there was
nothing but lies and
fraud and it almost failed the central
banks came in they printed up trillions
and trillions of dollars we had all of
the media spitting out all the garbage
that the everything was fine and the
market picked up of course we have seen
with complete fact based
evidence that the central bank balance
sheets and the global stock markets are
directly linked they are one in the same
that's the reason why everything has
seemingly done well but of course that's
just one indicator and there are
hundreds and hundreds which show the
opposite effect the two banks have
struggled to overcome high levels of
loans that were not being paid back look
the banking system they have this thing
called fractional Reserve Banking and
I'm sure 99% of you know exactly what
that is I describ it in my first book
and the problem with fractional Reserve
banking is that if even a small
percentage of people decide that they
want to pull their money out then that
small percentage of people turns into a
very big problem there are many reasons
why A lender why a bank why any of these
institutions May Fail but it doesn't
take much it actually takes a very small
amount because of fractional Reserve
Banking and it's under the impression
that the government will be there to
save the day look maybe they are in this
case here but what if it wasn't just
these two Banks what if it was six Banks
what if it was eight Banks s what if
simultaneously banks failed in Italy
Germany Sweden and and Australia and
everything else would they all be able
to keep up all at once or would that
start a chain reaction of
failures that's what worries me is that
Chain Reaction one at a time they can
nationalize them they can print up some
currency they can give it to them they
can say the bond holders are at fault
and they will deserve it so they get a
bailin and this stuff it doesn't
matter what I look at is the effect on
un and I and it's never a good thing
never even if the bond holders take a
hit and you and I aren't part of that
and that's what they're claiming it has
a negative effect in the long term maybe
in let's say the medium term in
fact the ECB said it had given the banks
time to raise more
capital okay total fraud but that the
banks had not been able to offer
credible Solutions it ruled that they
were failing or about to fail and
they're insolvent okay how do they do
this well they issue debt they say look
buy our garbage debt that we have that
we screwed up on and we'll give you a
little bit more down the
road if you were the German government
you could issue debt at a negative
interest rate and people will buy all of
them up and it seems odd but that's
what's happened that is in fact resulted
in trillions and trillions of dollars
worth of debt being bought up a negative
yield I mean it's sick it's
ridiculous to think about
that if I give you money I loan you
money $100
loan and then I say look I'm going to
give you this money but you owe me $95
back I mean does does that even make any
sense or the other way around anyway you
see where I'm going with that look it's
all upside
down and I'm reading it and it's just
how has how is this even supporting
itself on Central Banking anymore I
don't understand it I really don't weak
banks that can't lend adequately to
businesses have been a key weak spot for
Italy and the Eurozone economy the ECB
took took over as top banking regulator
in 2014 as part of an effort to
strengthen oversight of the European
Union's banking system so the ECB let me
just read this last line the ECB was
given the job because the national
Regulators were considered too slow to
address the troubles at their home
Banks you can't even decide what you're
going to do in your own country if
you're in Europe think about that oh
okay you're going too slow meaning
you're not f following the rules that
we've put in place we're unelected
technocrats and you are at fault so as a
result we are going to step in and we
are going to decide what happens this is
when you know that you have a tyranny
it's Global government perhaps not the
whole globe but it is a supernational
entity controlling what your government
does I mean this is gone it's it's gone
it's gone face it the Italian government
said it made a 5.2 billion Euro of
resources immediately available to keep
operative to banks that the ECB had
deemed failing or about to fail sending
them into insolvency procedures look
they're going to figure out a way to get
that money but wait a second where do
that money come from well that's pretty
obvious the premier defended the Swift
action by the government is vital for
ensuring ensuring Italy slow economic
recovery isn't derailed by a disorderly
failure that's right because they
screwed up the people of Italy are on
the
hook that's the way it
works and they say look if we don't do
this we are going to have a big problem
in the banking industry it's going to
get out there into the economy our Eon
econom is already in trouble therefore
we need
to really patch this up right now let's
just take care of it now and then later
down the road everything will be
fine it's not it's not fine the two
banks are based in the Northeast region
one of the Italy's most economically
productive and I would say
that you can have productivity in
different sectors different regions but
ultimately when you have a noose around
your neck at some point you will find
yourself
hung this marks the first oh this is
actually referring uh just recently
there was a bank in Spain which failed
and it's referring to this I I'm just
showing you that this is happening it's
not the first time that a Europe a bank
in Europe has failed or a bank anywhere
has failed this marks the first time
under the eu's bank recovery and
resolution directive passed in January
2016 that shareholders and subordinate
Bond holders of a European Bank have not
been bailed up by taxpayers but were
quote bailed in and the way that I see
it is whether you call it a bailout or a
bailin I'm not going to really believe
that they are going to let their friends
take a haircut sure maybe if I own a
bond that they'd make me take a
haircut but not the big boys no way the
Warren buffets of the world aren't going
to have to take a haircut I'm not going
to believe it I don't care what they say
I just straight up I'm just not going to
believe
it and it was for the first time that a
banking failure was allowed to
occur allowed to occur in either Spain
or Italy whose resolution didn't involve
taxpayer intervention perhaps the
eurozone's banking authorities are
finally growing some teeth the fact that
financial markets receive the bailin
investors cly tells the ECB that
investor bailin are the route to go and
so the rule takes hold
look
bailin might be just the bond holders
but what we have to worry about is when
they come for the deposits it's been
done before and I think that they can
use use a few times like this just
making the bond holders take it and so
people are saying yeah bail-ins are good
bailin are good and then they start
going for the deposits and they will do
that I don't know at what point but here
we are I think if it's snowballs I think
they'll have to go for the deposit
that's my opinion on it this was back in
July 2016 Italy has no banking problem
that's according to the Finance Minister
that's right no banking problem and then
one year
later Italy has a banking problem that's
right whenever they go and tell you that
there is no problem that's when you need
to run for the hills there's more in the
article but it's old news let's move on
the eu's greatest achievements according
to Europeans the percentage of the
public in the EU UK thinking that these
are the greatest achievements this uh
lighter blue is the total and the darker
lose the UK and what I found very funny
was that in the UK they seem to have a
difference of opinion particularly in
this none so what are the greatest
achievements of the EU people in the UK
said none and
then this right here the EU currency
essentially none of the people in the
UK suggested that the EU uh the euro is
a good thing
and the many more people within the
Europe or the EU itself said yeah yeah
it's a good thing you
know it seems like this
brexit is struggling but I don't believe
that most people in the UK in fact a lot
of the EU want to be in there I mean
this is the technocratic elite look look
at what's happened with the ECB right
now
oh you can handle the problem we'll step
in it's not may we step in and help you
it's just we are stepping in and that
right there to me
shows that they have the ultimate
say last but not least this right here
who needs fundamentals when the fit is
this
good expect markets to flounder as the
central banks try to exit and if we get
into this scenario where the central
banks actually do withdraw from their
balance sheets let things expire or sell
them off however they're going to do it
look if that Central Bank comes off
their balance sheet brings it down I
believe the stock market will head in
that very same
direction that's what I
predict we'll see what happens I mean
how else are they going going to rescue
it the economy is not doing well they've
pushed the stock market up with Central
Bank intervention how in the world will
they get it to reverse
course in my opinion it's not possible
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collaps even more informative you can
flip through the books at Amazon they
have a look inside feature it's going to
allow you to flip through the pages of
these books to see if you like them take
care